feat: english curriculum block 7 (#58015)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-use-conditionals/677feff132d56d2a40d6c4f1.md

---
id: 677feff132d56d2a40d6c4f1
title: Task 65
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-65
---

<!-- (Audio) Maria: I agree. But, why did you ask? Did you notice something wrong? -->

<!-- SPEAKING -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What is the best way to reassure Maria after hearing her concern?

## --answers--

`Yes, it's a big problem.`

### --feedback--

> While this might make sense in another context, it doesn’t provide reassurance.
> 
> ---
> 
> `No. Not really.`
> 
> ## --video-solution--
> 
> 2
> 
> # --explanation--
> 
> # --explanation--
> 
> Maria asks, `Did you notice something wrong?` She’s asking if there’s a specific issue. The phrase `No. Not really` reassures her that there isn’t anything serious to worry about. It’s polite, casual, and keeps the conversation light. For example:  
> 
> Question: `Is something wrong with the system?`  
> 
> Answer: `No. Not really.` – This means there might be minor concerns, but nothing serious enough to cause alarm.  
> 
> Now, let’s think about why the other option doesn’t work:  
> 
> `Yes, it's a big problem.` – This suggests something serious is wrong, which doesn’t reassure Maria. Instead, it might make her more concerned. 

Author: ```suggestion
While this might make sense in another context, it doesn't provide reassurance.

---

`No. Not really.`

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Maria asks, `Did you notice something wrong?` She's asking if there's a specific issue. The phrase `No. Not really` reassures her that there isn't anything serious to worry about. It's polite, casual, and keeps the conversation light. For example:  

Question: `Is something wrong with the system?`  

Answer: `No. Not really.` – This means there might be minor concerns, but nothing serious enough to cause alarm.  

Now, let's think about why the other option doesn't work:  

`Yes, it's a big problem.` – This suggests something serious is wrong, which doesn't reassure Maria. Instead, it might make her more concerned. 
```
